 10 - Birthday Party 


Now here is a story about Jack who is going to a birthday party.

Jack is going to a birthday party.

He needs to buy a present for Meg.

Jack doesn't go to many parties, though.

He is nervous and wonders what to buy.

Meg likes jewelry, animals, and the color blue.

Jack goes to a jewelry store.

He sees a pretty, silver necklace.

The necklace has a blue cat on it.

Jack is happy, and he buys the necklace.

He hopes Meg will like the necklace.

Now let's listen to the same story this time told by Jack

I am going to a birthday party.

I need to buy a present for Meg.

I don't go to many parties, though.

I'm nervous and wonder what to buy.

Meg likes jewelry, animals, and the color blue.

I go to a jewelry store.

I see a pretty, silver necklace.

The necklace has a blue cat on it.

I'm happy, and I buy the necklace.

I hope Meg will like the necklace.

Now let's see if you can answer some of these questions.

Or if you prefer just listen to me answer them.

One: Jack is going to a birthday party for Meg.

Is Jack going to a birthday party?

Yes, Jack is going to a birthday party for Meg.

Two: Jack doesn't go to many parties, so he feels nervous.

Does Jack go to many parties?

No, Jack doesn't go to many parties, so he feels nervous.

Three: Meg likes animals and the color blue.

Does Meg like animals?

Yes, Meg likes animals, and she also likes the color blue.

Four: Jack goes to a jewelry store.

Does Meg go to a jewelry store?

No, Meg doesn't go to a jewelry store, but Jack does.

Five: Jack sees a silver necklace.

Does Jack see a silver ring?

No, not a ring. He sees a silver necklace, not a ring.

Six: The necklace is silver.

Is the necklace silver, or gold?

The necklace is silver, not gold.

Seven: There is a blue cat on the necklace.

Is there a purple cat on the necklace?

No, there is not.

There is a blue cat on the necklace.

Eight: Jack buys the necklace because he hopes Meg will like it.

Does Jack buy the necklace?

Yes, Jack buys the necklace, because he hopes Meg will like it.

And that's the story of Jack who goes to a birthday party.

 


