 
11 - Brad Searches for a New Apartment 


Now I'm going to tell you the story about Brad whose apartment is too small.

Listen to the story as told first of all by me, and then by Brad himself.

And then see if you can answer the questions.

Okay,

Brad's apartment is too small.

He wants to move to a new apartment.

He looks at pictures of apartments on the internet.

One apartment is very cheap.

But it is old and empty.

Another apartment has furniture.

It has a bed, a TV, and a stove.

That apartment is expensive, though.

Brad decides to save more money.

Then, he can move next year.

Now let's hear the story as told by Brad.

My apartment is too small.

I want to move to a new apartment.

I look at pictures of apartments on the internet.

One apartment is very cheap.

But it is old and empty.

Another apartment has furniture.

It has a bed, a TV, and a stove.

That apartment is expensive, though.

I decide to save more money.

Then, I can move next year.

Now here are some questions.

You can try to answer or you can just listen to me provide the answers.

One: Brad's apartment is too small.

Is Brad's apartment big?

No, his apartment is not big.

It is too small.

Two: Brad wants to move to a new apartment.

Does Brad want to move?

Yes, Brad wants to move to a new apartment.

Three: Brad looks at pictures of apartments on the internet.

Does Brad look at pictures on the internet?

Yes, Brad looks at pictures of apartments on the internet.

Four: The first apartment is cheap.

Is the first apartment expensive?

No, the first apartment is not expensive.

It is cheap.

Five: The first apartment is old and empty.

Is the first apartment old?

Yes, the first apartment is old and empty.

Six: The other apartment has a bed, a TV, and a stove.

Does the other apartment have furniture?

Yes, the other apartment has a bed, a TV, and a stove.

Seven: The other apartment is expensive.

Is the other apartment cheap?

No, the other apartment is not cheap, it's expensive.

Eight: Brad decides to save more money.

Does Brad want to save more money?

Yes, Brad decides to save more money.

Nine: Brad can move next year.

Can Brad move this year?

No, not this year, Brad can't move this year.

He can move next year.

And that's the story about Brad who wants to find a new apartment.

I hope you enjoyed it.

 


