 
12 - Janet Buys a New Computer »


Janet uses the computer a lot.

But, she needs a new computer.

Her computer is old and slow.

She goes to an electronic store.

She sees many computers in the store.

She wants a big screen on her computer.

And she wants a good keyboard.

She sees a nice, blue computer.

She likes the screen, the keyboard, and the style.

She buys the computer with a credit card.

Now the same story told by Janet.

I use the computer a lot.

But, I need a new computer.

My computer is old and slow.

I go to an electronic store.

I see many computers in the store.

I want a big screen on my computer.

And I want a good keyboard.

I see a nice, blue computer.

I like the screen, the keyboard, and the style.

I buy the computer with a credit card.

Now some questions.

I will say the answer after the questions.

One: Janet uses the computer a lot.

Does Janet use the computer a lot?

Yes, she uses the computer a lot.

Two: Janet needs a new computer.

Does Janet need a new computer?

Yes, she needs a new computer.

Three: Janet's computer is old, and slow.

Is Janet's computer new?

No, her computer is not new.

It is old, and slow.

Four: Janet sees many computers in the electronics store.

Are there many computers in the store?

Yes, Janet sees many computers in the electronics store.

Five: Janet wants a big screen on her computer.

Does Janet want a small screen?

No, Janet wants a big screen on her computer.

Six: Janet wants a good keyboard for her computer.

Does Janet want a good keyboard?

Yes, Janet wants a good keyboard for her computer.

Seven: Janet sees a blue computer.

Does Janet see a black computer?

No, she does not see a black computer.

She sees a blue computer.

Eight: Janet likes the blue computer's screen, keyboard, and style.

Does Janet like the blue computer?

Yes, Janet likes the blue computer's screen, keyboard, and style.

Nine: Janet buys the computer with a credit card.

Does Janet buy the computer with cash?

No, she doesn't use cash.

She buys it with a credit card.

 


