 
16 - A More Exciting Job 


Hello, today we're going to hear about Gene, who wants a new job.

This is story sixteen.

Remember, we're going to hear the story about Gene, and then we will hear the story told by Gene.

This will be followed by questions.

You can just listen to the questions and the answer, or you can try to answer the questions yourself.

It's up to you.

So let's listen to the story of Gene who wants a new job.

Gene wants a new job.

He doesn't like his office job.

He thinks his job is too boring.

Gene wants a more exciting job.

He looks for a new job online.

There are many jobs in restaurants.

There are also many jobs in stores.

Gene can't cook very well.

But he likes shopping and talking to people.

Gene hopes he can find a job in a store.

Now let's listen to the same story told by Gene.

I want a new job.

I don't like my office job.

I think my job is too boring.

I want a more exciting job.

I look for a new job online.

There are many jobs in restaurants.

There are also many jobs in stores.

I can't cook very well.

But I like shopping and talking to people.

I hope I can find a job in a store.

Now let's listen to these questions.

If you want to try to answer them, please do so.

You don't have to.

One: Gene wants a new job.

Does Gene want a new job?

Yes, Gene wants a new job.

Two: Gene thinks his job is too boring.

Does Gene like his office job?

No, he doesn't like his office job.

He thinks his job is too boring.

Three: Gene wants a more exciting job.

Does Gene want a boring job?

No, Gene wants a more exciting job.

Four: Gene looks for a new job online.

Does Gene look for a job online?

Yes, he looks for a new job online.

Five: There are many jobs in restaurants.

Are there many jobs in restaurants?

Yes, there are many jobs in restaurants.

Six: Gene can't cook very well.

Can Gene cook well?

No, Gene can't cook very well.

Seven: Gene likes shopping and talking to people.

Does Gene like talking to people?

Yes, Gene likes talking to people, and shopping.

Eight: Gene wants to find a job in a store.

Does Gene want a job in a restaurant?

No, he doesn't want a job in a restaurant.

He wants to find a job in a store.

And there you have it, that's the story of Gene who wants to find a new job.

 


