 17 - On the Highway


Hello, now let's listen to another simple story.

This time about Marco who is coming home from work.

Remember, we'll hear about Marco and then we will hear Marco tell his own story and this then will be followed by questions.

Marco is coming home from work.

He drives home from work every day.

There are many other cars on the highway.

The highway is too crowded to move.

Marco feels frustrated and angry.

He turns on the radio to hear the news.

Then, he listens to some songs.

Still, Marco is bored and tired.

The highway is too crowded every day.

Marco thinks about buying a motorcycle instead.

Now let's hear Marco tell his story.

I am coming home from work.

I drive home from work every day.

There are many other cars on the highway.

The highway is too crowded to move.

I feel frustrated and angry.

I turn on the radio to hear the news.

Then, I listen to some songs.

Still, I am bored and tired.

The highway is too crowded every day.

I think about buying a motorcycle instead.

Now here are some questions.

You can try to answer the questions or simply listen to the answers.

One: Marco is coming home from work in his car.

Is Marco at work?

No, Marco is not at work.

He is coming home from work in his car.

Two: There are many other cars on the highway with Marco.

Are there other cars on the highway?

Yes, there are many other cars on the highway with Marco.

Three: Marco cannot move because the highway is too crowded.

Can Marco move?

No, Marco cannot move because the highway is too crowded.

Four: Marco feels frustrated and angry.

Does Marco feel happy?

No, Marco does not feel happy.

He feels frustrated and angry.

Five: Marco listens to the news on the radio in his car.

Does Marco listen to the news?

Yes, Marco listens to the news on the radio in his car.

Six: The highway is always crowded every day.

Is the highway always crowded?

Yes, the highway is always crowded every day.

Seven: Marco thinks he might buy a motorcycle instead of driving.

Does Marco want a motorcycle?

Yes, he thinks he might buy a motorcycle instead of driving.

 


