 19 - It's Time for Lunch 


Hello, our next story is about Kyle who's taking a break at school.

Listen to the story about Kyle, then listen to Kyle telling his own story and then see if you can answer the questions.

Kyle is taking a break at school.

It's twelve o'clock and it's time for lunch.

Kyle doesn't have a lunch from home.

He has to buy his lunch at school.

He goes to the cafeteria.

He sees French fries, and a salad.

His Mom wants him to eat the salad.

But Kyle wants to eat the French fries.

He thinks for a minute.

Then, he buys and eats the French fries.

Now let's hear Kyle tell the story.

I am taking a break at school.

It's twelve o'clock and it's time for lunch.

I don't have a lunch from home.

I have to buy a lunch at school.

I go to the cafeteria.

I see French fries, and a salad.

My Mom wants me to eat the salad.

But I want to eat the French fries.

I think for a minute.

Then, I buy and eat the French fries.

Now let's see if you can answer some of these questions.

You don't have to answer, you can just listen to my answers.

One: Kyle is taking a break at school.

Is Kyle working at school?

No, he is not working.

He is taking a break at school.

Two: It's twelve o'clock and it's time for lunch.

Is it lunchtime?

Yes, it's lunchtime.

It's twelve.

Three: Kyle does not have a lunch.

Does Kyle have a lunch?

No, Kyle does not have a lunch.

Four: Kyle goes to the cafeteria.

Does Kyle go to a restaurant?

No, Kyle doesn't go to a restaurant. Kyle goes to the cafeteria.

Five: Kyle sees a salad, and French fries, in the cafeteria.

Does Kyle see a salad?

Yes, Kyle sees a salad, and French fries, in the cafeteria.

Six: His Mom wants him to eat the salad, not the French fries.

Does Kyle's Mom want him to eat the salad?

Yes, his Mom wants him to eat the salad, not the French fries.

Seven: Kyle buys and eats the French fries.

Does Kyle buy the salad?

No, Kyle does not buy the salad.

He buys and eats the French fries.

And that's the story about Kyle at the school cafeteria.

 


