 21 - Jerry Wants to See a Movie


Now let's hear the story of Jerry, who is taking a day off from work.

He wants to go see a movie.

Jerry likes comedy movies more than romance movies.

And he doesn't like science fiction movies as much as action movies.

He is checking the list of new movies online.

There are five new movies playing.

Three of the new movies are romance movies.

One of the movies is a science fiction movie.

One of the movies is a comedy.

Jerry is thinking about seeing the new comedy movie.

Now let's listen to the same story told by Jerry.

I took a day off from work.

I wanted to go see a movie.

I like comedy movies more than romance movies,and I don't like science fiction movies as much as action movies.

I checked the list of new movies online.

And there were five new movies playing.

Three of the new movies were romance movies.

One of the movies was a science fiction movie.

One of the movies was a comedy.

I thought about going to see the new comedy movie.

Now let's listen to some questions and you can try to answer if you want.

One: Jerry has a day off from work.

Is Jerry working today?

No, Jerry is not working.

He has a day off from work.

Two: Jerry wants to go see a movie.

What does Jerry want to go see?

He wants to go see a movie.

Three: Jerry doesn't like romance movies, or science fiction movies.

Does Jerry like romance movies?

No, Jerry doesn't like romance movies, or science fiction movies.

Four: Jerry likes comedy and action movies.

What movies does Jerry like?

He likes comedy and action movies.

Five: Jerry checked the list of new movies online.

What list did Jerry check?

Jerry checked the list of new movies online.

Six: There were five new movies playing.

Were there five new movies playing?

Yes, there were five new movies playing.

Seven: There was one science fiction movie playing.

Were there any science fiction movies playing?

Yes, there was one science fiction movie playing.

Eight: Jerry decided to see the new comedy movie.

What movie did Jerry decide to see?

He decided to see the new comedy movie.

And there you have it, the story about Jerry and his day off from work.

 


