 23 - Exam or Party? 


Now let's hear the story about Louie the university student.

Louie is a university student.

He is graduating this month.

But first, he has to write some exams.

Louie has to write six exams.

Louie has to study a lot for his exams.

This weekend, though, Louie's friend is having a birthday.

Louie's friend wants him to come to his party.

Louie wants to go to his friend's party.

Finally, he decides to go to his friend's party.

He is going to study for his exams after the party.

Now let's hear Louie tell his own story.

I was a university student. I was graduating this month.

But first, I had to write some exams.

I had to write six exams.

I had to study a lot for my exams.

This weekend, though, my friend had a birthday.

My friend wanted me to come to his party.

I wanted to go to my friend's party.

Finally, I decided to go to my friend's party.

I studied for my exams after the party.

Now here are some questions.

You can try to answer if you want or simply listen.

One: Louie is university student.

What is Louie?

Louie is a university student.

Two: Louie is graduating this month.

When is Louie graduating?

Louie is graduating this month.

Three: First, Louie has to write some exams.

What does Louie have to do first?

First, Louie has to write some exams.

Four: Louie has to write six exams.

Does Louie have to write nine exams?

No, Louie doesn't have to write nine exams.

He has to write six exams.

Five: Louie's friend had a birthday this weekend.

What did Louie's friend have this weekend?

Louie's friend had a birthday this weekend.

Six: Louie's friend wanted Louie to come to his party this weekend.

What did Louie's friend want?

Louie's friend wanted Louie to come to his party this weekend.

Seven: Louie wanted to go to his friend's party.

Did Louie want to go to his friend's party?

Yes, Louie wanted to go to his friend's party.

Eight: Louie decided to go to his friend's party.

What did Louie decide?

Louie decided to go to his friend's party.

Nine: Louie studied for his exams after the party.

When did Louie study for his exams?

Louie studied for his exams after the party.

And that's the story of Louie the university student.

 


