 25 - The New Baby 


Next we will hear the story about Dave whose wife is going to have a baby.

Dave's wife will have a new baby. Dave and his wife have one son and one daughter.

They are very excited to have another baby.

The new baby will be a boy.

But they don't know what name to give the baby.

They decide to ask their parents.

Their parents give them some ideas.

Some ideas are better than some others.

Dave and his wife will call the baby Ethan.

They hope the baby will be happy with this name.

Now let's hear Dave tell the story.

My wife was having a baby. My wife and I have one son and one daughter.

We were very excited to have another baby.

The new baby was going to be a boy.

But we didn't know what name to give the baby.

We decided to ask our parents.

Our parents gave us some ideas.

Some ideas were better than some others.

My wife and I called the baby Ethan.

We hoped the baby was going to be happy with his name.

Now let's see if you can answer some of these questions, or simply listen along.

One: Dave's wife will have a baby.

What will Dave's wife have?

Dave's wife will have a baby.

Two: Dave and his wife have two children, one son and one daughter.

How many children do Dave and his wife have?

They have two children, one son and one daughter.

Three: They are very excited to have another baby.

How do they feel about having another baby?

They are very excited to have another baby.

Four: The new baby will be a boy.

Will the new baby be a girl?

No, the new baby will not be a girl.

The new baby will be a boy.

Five: They do not know what name to give the baby.

Do they know what name to give the baby?

No, they do not know what name to give the baby.

Six: They decide to ask their parents about baby names. What do they decide to do?

They decide to ask their parents about baby names.

Seven: Their parents give them some ideas.

What do their parents do?

Their parents give them some ideas.

Eight: Some ideas were better than some others.

Were all the ideas good?

No, not all the ideas were good.

Some ideas were better than some others.

Nine: Dave and his wife called the baby ‘Ethan'.

What did Dave and his wife call the baby?

They called the baby ‘Ethan'.

Ten: Dave and his wife hoped the baby was going to be happy with his name.

What did Dave and his wife hope?

They hoped the baby was going to be happy with his name.

And that's the story of Dave and his wife and their new baby.

 


