 26 - Alex and His Room 


Now here's the story of Alex.

Remember, we'll hear about Alex, Alex will then tell his story from his own point of view and then there will be some questions.

Alex will clean his room. He has many things to do.

First, he will put his dirty clothes in a pile.

Then, he will wash his clothes in the washing machine.

He will also clean under his bed.

He will find many toys under the bed.

He will put all of his toys in the closet.

Finally, he will clean up his desk and put his school work on his desk.

He thinks his Mom will be very happy.

Now let's hear from Alex.

I was cleaning my room.

I had many things to do.

First, I put my dirty clothes in a pile.

Then, I washed my clothes in the washing machine.

I also cleaned under my bed.

I was finding many toys under the bed.

I put all of the toys in the closet.

Finally, I cleaned up my desk and put my school work on my desk.

I was thinking my Mom would be very happy.

Now let's look at some questions and if you want to answer do so, otherwise just listen.

One: Alex will clean his room.

What will Alex do?

He will clean his room.

Two: Alex has many things to do.

Does he have a few things to do?

No, he does not have a few things to do.

He has many things to do.

Three: First, he will put his dirty clothes in a pile.

What will he do first?

First, he will put his dirty clothes in a pile.

Four: Then, he will wash his clothes in the washing machine.

Then, what will he do?

Then, he will wash his clothes in the washing machine.

Five: Alex will also clean under his bed.

What else will Alex do?

Alex will also clean under his bed.

Six: Alex was finding many toys under his bed.

What was Alex finding under his bed?

He was finding many toys under his bed.

Seven: Alex put all of the toys in the closet.

Where did he put the toys?

He put all of the toys in the closet.

Eight: Finally, Alex cleaned up his desk and put his school work there.

What did Alex do finally?

Finally, Alex cleaned up his desk and put his school work there.

Nine: Alex was thinking his Mom would be very happy.

What was Alex thinking his Mom would feel?

Alex was thinking his Mom would be very happy.

That's the story of Alex.

 


