 
27 - Bill On a Trip 


Now we will hear the story about Bill who will go on a trip.

Bill will go on a trip.

He doesn't have much money, though so he will go somewhere cheap.

He always leaves the country when he travels so this time, he will go to Canada.

Bill is from the United States so Canada is very close.

Bill will only stay in Canada for a few days.

He will stay in a big city and he will take lots of pictures there.

Now let's hear the story told by Bill.

I was planning to go on a trip.

I didn't have much money though, so I was planning to go somewhere cheap.

I always leave the country when I travel, so this time I was going to go to Canada.

I'm from the United States so Canada is very close.

I was only going to stay in Canada for a few days.

But I was going to stay in a big city and I was going to take lots of pictures there.

Now here are some questions.

You can answer if you want, otherwise just listen.

One: Bill will go on a trip.

What will Bill do?

Bill will go on a trip.

Two: Bill doesn't have much money.

What problem does Bill have, though?

Bill doesn't have much money.

Three: He will go somewhere cheap.

What will Bill do because he doesn't have much money?

He will go somewhere cheap.

Four: Bill always leaves the country when he travels.

What does Bill always do when he travels?

Bill always leaves the country when he travels.

Five: This time, he was going to go to Canada.

Because he always leaves the country, where was Bill going to go this time?

This time, he was going to go to Canada.

Six: Bill is from the United States.

Where is Bill from?

Bill is from the United States.

Seven: Bill was only going to stay in Canada for a few days.

How long was Bill going to stay in Canada?

Bill was going to stay in Canada only for a few days.

Eight: He was going to stay in a big city.

What kind of city was Bill going to stay in?

He was going to stay in a big city.

Nine: Bill was going to take lots of pictures there.

What was Bill going to do there?

Bill was going to take lots of pictures there.

And that's the story of Bill.

 


