 
28 - Stella in a New Country 


Story twenty eight is about Stella, a woman who likes to travel.

Stella will visit a new country.

She must plan her trip to the new country.

She wants to travel to the country by train.

First, she will go to a big city.

Then, she'll visit some famous places in the city.

After that, she will go to the countryside by car.

There, she'll take many pictures.

She wants to show her pictures to her friends.

After her trip, she'll show each of her pictures online.

She hopes the internet connection will be good.

Now the same story is told by Stella.

I was visiting a new country.

I had to plan a trip to the new country.

I wanted to travel to the country by train.

First, I was going to go to a big city.

Then, I was going to visit some famous places in the city.

After that, I was going to go to the countryside by car.

There, I was going to take many pictures.

I wanted to show my pictures to my friends.

After my trip, I was going to show each of my pictures online.

I was hoping the internet connection would be good.

Now some questions.

You can try to answer or just listen to the answers.

One: Stella will visit a new country.

What will Stella do?

She will visit a new country.

Two: Stella must plan her trip to the country.

What must Stella do?

She must plan her trip around the country.

Three: Stella wants to travel to the country by train.

How does Stella want to travel?

She wants to travel to the country by train.

Four: Stella will go to a big city first.

Where will she go first?

She will go to a big city first.

Five: Stella will visit some famous places in the city.

What will she do in the city?

She will visit some famous places in the city.

Six: She was going to go to the countryside by car.

How was she going to go to the countryside?

She was going to go to the countryside by car.

Seven: She was going to take many pictures there.

How many pictures was she going to take there?

She was going to take many pictures there.

Eight: She wanted to show her pictures to her friends.

Whom was she wanting to show her pictures to?

She wanted to show her pictures to her friends.

Nine: She was going to show each of her pictures online after her trip.

When was she going to show her pictures online?

She was going to show each of her pictures online after her trip.

Ten: She was hoping the internet connection would be good.

What was she hoping for?

She was hoping the internet connection would be good.

 


