 
29 - Layne and Cooking 


Now let's hear the story of Layne.

Layne will learn how to cook.

He'll learn a new recipe from the internet.

He will try to make pasta.

He will buy many vegetables for the pasta.

He'll buy some mushrooms, some peppers, and some tomatoes.

He'll also buy lots of pasta noodles this morning.

He'll have one whole bag of pasta noodles.

Then, he will make the pasta sauce.

But Layne won't know how to make the pasta sauce.

He'll look at the recipe online again.

Now let's hear Layne tell the story.

I was learning how to cook.

I was learning a new recipe from the internet.

I was trying to make pasta.

I bought many vegetables for the pasta.

I bought some mushrooms, some peppers, and some tomatoes.

I also bought lots of pasta noodles this morning.

I had one whole bag of pasta noodles.

Then, I had to make the pasta sauce.

But I forgot how to make the pasta sauce.

I was going to look at the recipe online again.

Now here are some questions.

Answer if you can, otherwise just listen.

One: Layne will learn how to cook.

What will Layne learn?

Layne will learn how to cook.

Two: Layne will learn a new recipe from the internet.

Where will Layne learn a new recipe?

He will learn a new recipe from the internet.

Three: He will try to make pasta.

What will he try to make?

He will try to make pasta.

Four: Layne will buy many vegetables.

What will Layne buy?

Layne will buy many vegetables.

Five: Layne will buy mushrooms, peppers, and tomatoes.

What kind of vegetables will Layne buy?

He will buy mushrooms, peppers, and tomatoes.

Six: He bought the pasta noodles this morning. When did he buy the pasta noodles?

He bought the pasta noodles this morning.

Seven: He had lots of pasta noodles.

How many pasta noodles did he have?

He had lots of pasta noodles.

Eight: He had to make the pasta sauce then.

What did he have to do then?

He had to make the pasta sauce then.

Nine: He forgot how to make the pasta sauce.

Can he remember how to make the pasta sauce?

No, he forgot how to make it.

Ten: He was going to look at the recipe online.

Where was he going to look at the recipe?

He was going to look at the recipe online.

And that's the story of Layne cooking his pasta.

 


