 
31 - Rosie Visits Her Friend for Dinner 


Let's meet Rosie, who is going to visit her friend.

Rosie's friend lives far away.

She has asked Rosie to come for dinner.

Rosie is happy to visit her friend.

Rosie has already bought a train ticket.

She travels by train to see her friend.

Rosie's friend is very happy to see her.

Rosie's friend has been cooking a big dinner.

She has been cooking chicken, vegetables, and dessert.

But Rosie is allergic to chicken.

So Rosie only eats the vegetables, and dessert.

Now Rosie will tell the story.

My friend moved far away.

She had asked me to come for dinner recently.

I was happy to visit my friend.

I bought a train ticket.

I traveled by train to see my friend.

My friend was very happy to see me.

My friend had been cooking a big dinner.

She had been cooking chicken, vegetables, and dessert.

But I am allergic to chicken.

So I only ate the vegetables, and dessert.

Now I'll ask some questions about the story.

You can answer out loud, or just listen if you prefer.

One: Rosie's friend moved far away.

Does Rosie's friend live close?

No Rosie's friend does not live close.

Rosie's friend moved far away.

Two: Rosie's friend had asked Rosie to come for dinner.

What had Rosie's friend asked?

Rosie's friend had asked Rosie to come for dinner.

Three: Rosie was happy to visit her friend.

Was Rosie happy to visit her friend?

Yes, Rosie was happy to visit her friend.

Four: Rosie bought a train ticket.

What did Rosie buy?

Rosie bought a train ticket.

Five: Rosie traveled to see her friend.

Where did Rosie travel?

Rosie traveled to see her friend.

Six: Rosie's friend is very happy to see her.

Is Rosie's friend happy?

Yes, Rosie's friend is very happy to see her.

Seven: Rosie's friend has been cooking a big dinner.

What has Rosie's friend been cooking?

Rosie's friend has been cooking a big dinner.

Eight: Rosie's friend has been cooking chicken, vegetables, and dessert.

Has Rosie's friend been cooking beef?

No, Rosie's friend has not been cooking beef.

She has been cooking chicken, vegetables, and dessert.

Nine: Rosie is allergic to chicken.

Can Rosie eat chicken?

No, Rosie can't eat chicken.

She is allergic to chicken.

Ten: Rosie only eats the vegetables and dessert.

What does Rosie eat?

She only eats the vegetables and dessert, but not the chicken.

And that was the story of Rosie visiting her friend.

 


