 
32 - Sara Makes Breakfast for her Family 


Story thirty two is about Sara who is making breakfast for her family.

Sara had been trying to make breakfast all morning.

Her son and husband had been waiting for breakfast, too.

There hadn't been much food when Sara looked in the fridge.

All she saw were eggs, bread, and milk.

In the end, she decided to cook some eggs.

She boiled a pot of water and she put three eggs into the water.

She also made tea for herself and her husband.

Her son had orange juice instead.

Now Sara tells the story.

I have been trying to make breakfast all morning.

My son and husband have been waiting for breakfast, too.

I looked in the fridge.

But there wasn't much food.

I saw eggs, bread, and milk.

So I decided to cook some eggs.

I boiled a pot of water and I put three eggs into the water.

I also made tea for myself and for my husband.

My son had orange juice instead.

Next, I'll ask some questions.

Feel free to answer them with me or you can just listen.

One: Sara had been trying to make breakfast.

What had Sara been trying to make?

Sara had been trying to make breakfast.

Two: Sara's husband and son had been waiting for breakfast.

What had Sara's husband and son been waiting for?

They had been waiting for breakfast.

Three: There wasn't much food in the fridge.

Was there much food in the fridge?

No, there wasn't much food in the fridge.

Four: Sara saw eggs, bread, and milk in the fridge.

What did Sara see in the fridge?

Sara saw eggs, bread, and milk in the fridge.

Five: Sara has decided to cook some eggs.

What did Sara decide?

She decided to cook some eggs.

Six: Sara is boiling a pot of water, and has put three eggs into the water.

What has Sara been doing?

Sara is boiling a pot of water, and has put three eggs into the water.

Seven: Sara has also been making tea for herself and her husband.

What else has Sara been making?

Sara has also been making tea for herself and her husband.

Eight: Sara's son is having orange juice.

Is Sara's son having tea?

No, Sara's son isn't having tea.

He's having orange juice.

And that was Sara's story.

 


