 
33 - Eric Was in Class at University 


Eric was in class at university last week.

He had been listening to the professor.

But Eric had forgotten his textbook.

So he was confused by the class.

Eric had asked another classmate for help.

He'd asked to look at the classmate's textbook.

Eric's classmate had said he could look at his textbook.

Eric had said “thank you”, and had looked at the textbook.

He had tried to take notes about the class, but then, Eric realized he'd forgotten a pen, too.

Now let's hear Eric tell his own story.

I am in class at university right now.

I have been listening to the professor.

But I have forgotten my textbook.

So I am confused by the class.

I have asked another classmate for help.

I've asked to look at the classmate's textbook.

My classmate has been letting me look at his textbook.

I said “thank you”, and have been looking at the textbook.

I have been trying to take notes about the class, but then, I realized I've forgotten a pen, too.

Now here are some questions about Eric, you can try to answer, or you can simply wait for the answers.

One: Eric was in class at university.

Where was Eric?

Eric was in class at university.

Two: Eric had been listening to the professor.

Who had Eric been listening to?

He had been listening to the professor.

Three: Eric had forgotten his textbook.

What had Eric forgotten?

Eric had forgotten his textbook.

Four: Eric was confused by the class.

What was Eric confused by?

Eric was confused by the class.

Five: He has asked another classmate for help, and has asked to look at his classmate's textbook.

What has Eric done?

He has asked another classmate for help, and has asked to look at his classmate's textbook.

Six: The classmate has been letting Eric look at his textbook.

Has the classmate been letting Eric look at his textbook?

Yes, the classmate has been letting Eric look at his textbook.

Seven: Eric has been trying to take notes about the class.

What has Eric been trying to do?

He has been trying to take notes about the class.

Eight: Eric realized that he'd forgotten a pen, too.

What did Eric realize?

Eric realized that he'd forgotten a pen, too.

And that's the story about Eric at the university

 


