 34 - Tom Has Dinner With His Friends


Tom was going for dinner with his friends.

They had to decide on a restaurant.

Tom has always liked Italian food the best.

But his friends have always liked Thai food more than Italian food.

Tom decided to have Thai food for the first time.

Tom and his friends got to the restaurant.

Tom's friends like spicy food more than Tom does.

So they ordered some spicy Thai food.

Tom ordered a salad.

It was less spicy than his friends' food.

Now let's hear Tom tell the story.

Recently I have been going for dinner with my friends a lot.

We have been deciding on restaurants.

I have always liked Italian food the best.

But my friends have always liked Thai food more than Italian food.

I've decided to have Thai food for the first time.

My friends and I get to the restaurant.

My friends like spicy food more than I do.

They order some spicy Thai food.

I have ordered a salad.

It's less spicy than my friends' food.

Now here again are some questions. Try to answer if you want, or simply wait for the answer.

One: Tom was going for dinner with his friends.

What was Tom doing with his friends?

He was going for dinner with his friends.

Two: They had to decide on a restaurant to go to.

What did they have to decide?

They had to decide on a restaurant to go to.

Three: Tom has always liked Italian food the best.

What kind of food has Tom always liked the best?

Tom has always liked Italian food the best.

Four: His friends have always liked Thai food more than Italian food.

What kind of food have his friends always liked?

His friends have always liked Thai food.

Five: Tom has decided to have Thai food.

What has Tom decided to do?

Tom has decided to have Thai food.

Six: Tom's friends like spicy food more than Tom does.

Who likes spicy food more, Tom or Tom's friends?

Tom's friends like spicy food more than Tom does.

Seven: Tom's friends order some spicy Thai food.

What do Tom's friends order?

They order some spicy Thai food.

Eight: Tom has ordered a salad.

What has Tom ordered at the restaurant?

He has ordered a salad.

Nine: Tom's salad is less spicy than his friends' food.

Which is less spicy, Tom's salad, or his friends' food?

Tom's salad is less spicy than his friends' food.

 


