 36 - Phil's Big Family 


Our neighbour Phil had had a big family when he was young.

He'd had a wife, and three children.

He'd had two sons and a daughter.

He'd also had a brother and a sister.

But Phil hadn't talked to his brother in a long time.

They'd lived too far away from each other after Phil moved.

Phil's brother had been a doctor before.

And Phil's sister had been a dentist.

Phil was an actor in movies and on TV.

He was very different from his brother and sister.

Now let's listen to Phil tell his own story.

I have a big family.

I have a wife, and three children.

I have two sons and a daughter.

I also have a brother and a sister.

But I won't be talking to my brother for a long time.

We'll be living very far away from each other after I move.

My brother will start training to be a doctor.

And my sister will start studying to be a dentist.

I am an actor in movies and on TV.

I am very different from my brother and sister.

Now let's listen to some questions and you can try to answer if you want, or you can simply wait for the answers.

One: Phil had had a big family when he was young.

Had Phil had a big family?

Yes, Phil had had a big family when he was young.

Two: Phil had had three children.

Had Phil had two children?

No, Phil hadn't had two children.

He had had three children.

Three: Phil had also had a brother and a sister.

Had Phil had a sister?

Yes, Phil had had a brother and a sister.

Four: Phil hadn't talked to his brother in a long time.

Had Phil talked to his brother recently?

No, Phil hadn't talked to his brother in a long time.

Five: Phil and his brother will be living very far away from each other.

Where will Phil and his brother be living?

They will be living very far away from each other.

Six: Phil's brother will start training to be a doctor.

What will Phil's brother start doing?

Phil's brother will start training to be a doctor.

Seven: Phil's sister will start studying to be a dentist.

What will Phil's sister start studying to be?

Phil's sister will start studying to be a dentist.

Eight: Phil is an actor in movies and on TV.

What does Phil do?

Phil is an actor in movies and on TV.

Nine: Phil is very different from his brother and sister.

Is Phil the same as his brother and sister?

No, Phil is not the same.

He is very different from his brother and sister.

 


