 
37 - Adam's Schedule 


Adam had been feeling very stressed out before he came to work today.

He'd had a very busy schedule this week.

On Monday, he'd had to call many clients before going to a meeting.

Then, he'd had to go to another office before having lunch with his boss.

On Friday, he'd had to do a presentation before working late in the evening.

This morning, though, Adam's schedule is lighter.

He hasn't had a light schedule in a long time.

Now let's hear Adam tell his own story.

I am feeling very stressed out before going to work today.

I'll have a very busy schedule this week.

Today, I'll be calling my clients while also sitting in a meeting.

Then, I'll be going to another office before having lunch with my boss.

On Friday, I'll be doing a presentation before working late in the evening.

This morning, I wish my schedule was lighter.

I haven't had a light schedule in a long time.

Now hear are some questions, you can answer if you want, or simply wait for the answers.

One: Adam had been feeling very stressed out before he came to work today.

How had Adam been feeling before he came to work?

Adam had been feeling very stressed out before he came to work today.

Two: He'd had to call many clients on Monday.

What had he had to do on Monday?

He'd had to call many clients Monday.

Three: He'd had to go to a meeting after he'd called the clients.

What had he had to do after he'd called the clients?

He'd had to go to a meeting after he'd called the clients.

Four: Then, Adam had had to go to another office.

When had Adam had to go to another office?

He had had to go to another office then.

Five: He'll be going to lunch with his boss after he goes to another office.

When will he be going to lunch with his boss?

He'll be going to lunch with his boss after he goes to another office.

Six: Adam will be doing a presentation on Friday.

When will Adam be doing a presentation?

Adam will be doing a presentation on Friday.

Seven: Adam will be working late in the evening on Friday.

What else will he be doing on Friday?

Adam will be working late in the evening on Friday.

Eight: Adam hasn't had a light schedule in a long time.

What hasn't Adam had in a long time?

Adam hasn't had a light schedule in a long time.

 


