 39 - Adrian's Favourite Singer 


Adrian's favourite singer had a concert last month.

Adrian had wanted to go to the concert.

He would have had to buy tickets so he could go.

He'd started looking for tickets online.

But there had only been a few tickets left.

Many tickets had already been sold.

Adrian had almost chosen the best seat ticket left.

But the seat was a little too far from the stage.

Adrian decided it wasn't good enough.

He decided to try again next time.

Now we'll hear Adrian tell his own story.

My favourite singer will be having a concert next month.

My friend will be wanting to go to the concert.

I'll be buying tickets tomorrow so I can go to the concert, too.

I'll start looking for tickets online.

But I am sure there will only be a few tickets left.

Many tickets will already be sold.

Tomorrow, I'll be choosing the best seat ticket that's left.

The seat will probably be a little too far from the stage.

But I think it'll be good enough.

I'll just be happy I got a ticket.

Now here are some questions, you can try to answer or simply wait for the answer that I give you.

One: Adrian's favourite singer had a concert.

Who had a concert?

Adrian's favourite singer had a concert.

Two: Adrian had wanted to go to the concert.

Where had Adrian wanted to go?

Adrian had wanted to go to the concert.

Three: Adrian would have had to buy tickets so he could go.

What would Adrian have had to do?

He would have had to buy tickets so he could go.

Four: He'd started looking for tickets online.

Where had he started looking for tickets?

He'd started looking for tickets online.

Five: There will only be a few tickets left because many tickets are already sold.

How many tickets will be left?

There will only be a few tickets left.

Many tickets are already sold.

Six: Adrian will be choosing the best seat ticket that's left.

Which seat ticket will Adrian be choosing?

He will be choosing the best seat ticket that's left.

Seven: The seat will probably be a little too far from the stage.

Where will the seat be?

The seat will probably be a little too far from the stage.

Eight: Adrian thinks the ticket will be good enough.

How does Adrian feel about the ticket?

He thinks the ticket will be good enough.

And that's the story of Adrian who wanted to go to a concert.

 


