 40 - Sharon Has a Big Family 


This is a story about Sharon and her family.

Sharon has many people in her family. She has a brother, a sister, and many cousins.

Sharon's brother is older than her.

He is also louder and funnier than Sharon.

Sharon's sister is younger than her.

Sharon's sister is also shorter and more outgoing.

Sharon's sister likes talking to people more than Sharon.

Although Sharon has many older cousins, she doesn't know them very well.

They live farther away than her brother and sister.

Now Sharon tells the story.

I have many people in my family.

I have a brother, a sister, and many cousins.

My brother is older than me.

He is louder and funnier than me.

My sister is younger than me.

My sister is also shorter and more outgoing.

My sister likes talking to people more than me.

Although I have many older cousins, I don't know them very well.

They live farther away than my brother and sister.

I'll now ask some questions.

You can answer or just listen if you prefer.

One: Sharon has many people in her family.

Does Sharon have a big family?

Yes, Sharon has many people in her family.

Two: Sharon has one brother.

How many brothers does Sharon have?

She has one brother.

Three: Sharon's brother is older than her.

Who is older, Sharon or her brother?

Sharon's brother is older than her.

Four: Sharon's brother is louder than her.

Which person is louder, Sharon or her brother?

Sharon's brother is louder than her.

Five: Sharon's sister is younger than her.

Who is younger, Sharon or her sister?

Sharon's sister is younger than her.

Six: Sharon's sister is more outgoing than Sharon, so she likes talking to people more than her.

Which person likes talking to people more, Sharon or her sister?

Sharon's sister is more outgoing than Sharon, so she likes talking to people more than her.

Seven: Sharon has many older cousins.

Does Sharon have a few cousins?

No, Sharon has many older cousins.

Eight: Sharon's brother and sister live closer than her cousins.

Who lives closer, Sharon's cousins, or her brother and sister?

Sharon's brother and sister live closer than her cousins.

 


