 
41 - Allen is at a Restaurant 


Allen is at a restaurant with his friend.

It's their first time at this restaurant, so they are deciding what to eat.

Allen wants to order three different dishes since he wants to try the new items on the menu.

But if he orders a lot of food, he will have to pay more than his friend.

Allen's friend is not very hungry, therefore Allen's friend only orders a few small dishes.

Allen decides to only get a few small dishes as well.

Now let's hear the same story told by Allen.

I was at a restaurant with my friend.

It was our first time at that restaurant so we were deciding what to eat.

I wanted to order three different dishes since I wanted to try the new items on the menu.

if I ordered lots of food, I would have to pay more than my friend.

My friend was not very hungry, so my friend only ordered a few small dishes.

I decided to only get a few small dishes as well.

Now here are a few questions and you can try to answer them, or simply wait and listen for the answers.

One: Allen is at the restaurant with his friend.

Who is Allen at the restaurant with?

Allen is at the restaurant with his friend.

Two: Allen and his friend are deciding what to eat at the restaurant.

What are Allen and his friend doing?

They are deciding what to eat at the restaurant.

Three: Allen's friend was not very hungry.

Was Allen's friend very hungry?

No he wasn't.

Allen's friend was not very hungry.

Four: Allen's friend only orders a few small dishes.

How much food does Allen's friend order?

Allen's friend only orders a few small dishes.

Five: It was the first time Allen and his friend went to the restaurant.

Had Allen and his friend been to the restaurant before?

No, it was their first time there.

Six: Allen wanted to order three different dishes of food.

How much food did Allen want to order?

Allen wanted to order three different dishes of food.

Seven: If Allen ordered lots of food, he would have had to pay more than his friend.

What would have happened if Allen had ordered lots of food?

He would have had to pay more than his friend.

Eight: Allen decided to only get a few small dishes as well.

What did Allen decide to get as well?

Allen decided to only get a few small dishes, as well.

 


