 42 - A New Dog 


Erika wants to buy a new dog.

She is looking at dogs in a pet store.

She asks the store clerk some questions.

She asks, “What kind of dog is the friendliest?”

The store clerk says, “That one”.

And he points to the smallest dog.

Erika asks, “Which dog is the smartest?”

The clerk points to the same dog again.

Erika thinks that dog is the best.

So she decides to buy it.

She hopes her other pets will like the new dog.

Now the same story told by Erika's sister.

My sister wanted to buy a new dog.

She was looking at dogs in a pet store.

She asked the store clerk some questions.

She asked, “What kind of dog is the friendliest?”

The store clerk said, “That one”.

And he pointed to the smallest dog.

My sister asked, “Which dog is the smartest?”

The clerk pointed to the same dog again.

My sister thought that dog was the best.

She decided to buy it.

She hoped her other pets would like the new dog.

Now some questions about the story.

One: Erika wants to buy a new dog.

What does Erika want to buy?

Erika wants to buy a new dog.

Two: The store clerk says the smallest dog is the friendliest one.

Which one is the friendliest dog?

The store clerk says the smallest dog is the friendliest one.

Three: Erika thinks the smallest, friendliest, smartest dog is the best one.

Which one does Erika think is the best?

Erika thinks the smallest, friendliest, smartest dog is the best one.

Four: Erika hopes her other pets will like the new dog.

What does Erika hope?

She hopes her other pets will like the new dog.

Five: She was looking at dogs in a pet store.

Where was she looking at dogs?

She was looking at dogs in a pet store.

Six: She asked the store clerk, “What kind of dog is the friendliest?”

What did she ask the store clerk?

She asked the store clerk, “What kind of dog is the friendliest?”

Seven: The smallest dog is also the smartest one.

Which one is the smartest?

The smallest dog is also the smartest one.

Eight: The sister decided to buy the one she liked the best.

Which dog did she decide to buy?

She decided to buy the one she liked the best.

 


