 43 - Ben and His Schedule 


Ben is looking at his schedule for school.

He has a very busy schedule.

All of his classes are ninety minutes long.

And all of his weekdays are full.

He doesn't have much free time in the evenings, and he doesn't have any free time on Mondays.

He doesn't have any classes on weekends, though, so he should have a little time to see his friends then.

Although he still has a little time for himself, most of his time is going to be for studying.

Now let's hear Ben talk about the same situation.

I was looking at my schedule for school.

I had a very busy schedule.

All of my classes were ninety minutes long.

And all of my weekdays were full.

I didn't have much free time in the evenings, and I didn't have any free time on Mondays.

I didn't have any classes on weekends, though, so I could have a little time to see my friends.

Although I still had a little time for myself, most of my time was going to be for studying.

Now here are some questions, you can try to answer, or you can simply listen for the answer.

One: Ben is looking at his school schedule.

What is Ben looking at?

Ben is looking at his school schedule.

Two: All of his classes are ninety minutes long.

How long are all of his classes?

All of his classes are ninety minutes long.

Three: Ben doesn't have much free time in the evenings.

How much free time does Ben have in the evenings?

Ben doesn't have much free time in the evenings.

Four: Ben doesn't have any classes on weekends.

Does Ben have any classes on weekends?

No, Ben doesn't have any classes on weekends.

Five: His schedule was very busy.

How busy was his schedule?

His schedule was very busy.

Six: All of Ben's weekdays were full.

How many of Ben's weekdays were full?

All of Ben's weekdays were full.

Seven: Ben didn't have any free time on Mondays.

How much free time did Ben have on Mondays?

Ben didn't have any free time on Mondays.

Eight: Ben could have a little time to see his friends.

Did Ben have any time to see his friends?

Yes, Ben could have a little time to see his friends.

 


