 
44 - Martin Lives Alone 


Martin lives alone in a small apartment.

He has to do all the housework alone.

But he works a lot, so he never has time to clean.

His laundry and dishes are always dirty.

Today, he is trying to get dressed for work.

But he doesn't have any clean socks.

He only has a little time before work starts.

He could try to wash them.

He realizes that if he goes to a store before work, he could buy some new socks.

Instead, he decides to try washing all his clothes after work today.

Now let's hear Martin tell his own story.

I lived alone in a small apartment.

I had to do all the housework alone.

But I worked a lot, so I never had time to clean.

My laundry and dishes were always dirty.

Today, I was trying to get dressed for work.

But I didn't have any clean socks.

I only had a little time before work started.

I realized that if I went to a store before work, I could buy some new socks.

Instead, I decided to trying washing my clothes after work today.

Now here are some questions, you can try to answer, or simply listen for the answer :

One: Martin lives alone in a small apartment.

Does Martin live with someone?

No, Martin doesn't live with anyone.

He lives alone in a small apartment.

Two: Martin never has any time to clean.

Does Martin ever have time to clean?

No, Martin never has any time to clean.

Three: Martin is trying to get dressed for work.

What is Martin trying to do?

Martin is trying to get dressed for work.

Four: Martin only has a little time before work starts.

How much time does Martin have before work starts?

He only has a little time before work starts.

Five: Martin had to do all the housework.

How much housework did Martin have to do?

Martin had to do all the housework.

Six: Martin's laundry and dishes were always dirty.

What were always dirty?

Martin's laundry and dishes were always dirty.

Seven: Martin didn't have any clean socks to wear to work.

What didn't Martin have?

He didn't have any clean socks to wear to work.

Eight: Martin thought of going to the store before work started.

When did Martin think of going to the store?

Martin thought of going to the store before work started.

 


