 45 - Tony Has Been Hiking 


Tony has been hiking in the mountains for three days.

He's had to stop to look at his map.

He should have been going West, but he doesn't recognize anything on the map.

If he had been going West, he should have come to a lake by now.

He thinks he might have been going North instead.

He'd like to use his phone map to check, but the hiking brochure said there would be no reception in the mountains.

Tony decides to set up camp for the night.

Maybe if he gets some sleep, he'll be able to figure it out tomorrow.

Now let's hear Tony tell the story.

I'd been hiking in the mountains for three days when I had to stop to look at my map.

I should have been going West, but I didn't recognize anything on the map.

If I'd been going West, I should have come to a lake by now.

I thought I might have been going North instead.

I would have liked to have used my phone map to check, but the hiking brochure had said that there would be no reception in the mountains.

I decided to set up camp for the night.

Maybe if I got some sleep, I'd be able to figure it out tomorrow.

Now here are some questions, you can try to answer, or simply wait for the answer.

One: Tony has been hiking in the mountains for three days.

How long has Tony been hiking for?

Tony has been hiking in the mountains for three days.

Two: He's had to stop to look at his map.

Why has he had to stop?

He's had to stop to look at his map.

Three: He should have been going West.

Which direction should he have been going?

He should have been going West.

Four: If he had been going West, he should have come to a lake by now.

What should have happened if he'd been going West?

He should have come to a lake if he'd been going West.

Five: I thought I might have been going North instead.

What direction did you think you might have been going?

I thought I might have been going North instead.

Six: I would have liked to use my phone map to check, but the hiking brochure had said there would be no reception in the mountains.

Why weren't you able to use your phone map?

Because the hiking brochure had said there would be no reception.

Seven: I decided to set up camp for the night.

What did you decide to do?

I decided to set up camp for the night.

Eight: Maybe if I got some sleep, I'd be able to figure it out tomorrow.

If you got some sleep, when would you be able to figure it out?

If I got some sleep, I would be able to figure it out tomorrow.

 


