 46 - Lin Is Nervous About Her Presentation 


This is a story about Lin who is going on an airplane.

Lin will be catching a flight to LA tonight.

She has an important sales presentation to give there.

She is very nervous about it, since this will be her first time speaking in front of a large audience.

Her boss told her it was very important that she do a good job.

He said that the success of the new product depended on her.

Lin doesn't like this kind of pressure.

She's worried that she will get fired if she makes a mistake.

Nevertheless, she's trying to think positively.

Maybe if she does well, she will get promoted instead.

Now Lin tells the story.

I am catching a flight to LA tonight.

I have an important sales presentation to give there.

I am very nervous about it, since this is going to be my first time speaking in front of a large audience.

My boss told me it's very important that I do a good job.

He said that the success of the new product depends on me.

I don't like this kind of pressure.

I'm worried I'll get fired if I make a mistake.

Nevertheless, I'm trying to think positively.

Maybe if I do well, I'll get promoted instead.

Here are some questions about Lin's story.

Answer with me if you like.

One: Lin will be catching a flight to LA tonight.

When will Lin be catching a flight?

Lin will be catching a flight to LA tonight.

Two: She has an important sales presentation to give there.

What will she be doing there?

She has an important sales presentation to give there.

Three: She is very nervous about it, since this will be her first time speaking in front of a large audience.

Why is she very nervous?

Because this will be her first time speaking in front of a large audience.

Four: Her boss told her it's very important that she do a good job.

What did her boss tell her?

Her boss told her it's very important that she do a good job.

Five: He said that the success of the new product depends on me.

What did he say?

He said that the success of the new product depends on me.

Six: I'm worried I'll get fired if I make a mistake.

What am I worried about?

I'm worried I'll get fired if I make a mistake.

Seven: Nevertheless, I'm trying to think positively.

How am I trying to think?

I'm trying to think positively.

Eight: Maybe if I do well, I'll get promoted instead.

What might happen if I do well?

Maybe if I do well, I'll get promoted instead.

 


