 
47 - Jessica Has a Problem at Work 


This story is about Jessica and her new job.

Jessica recently started a new job.

She's been enjoying the work very much, although she's been having some problems with her boss.

During meetings, if she tries to say something, the boss won't let her talk.

She wishes he would give her more of a chance to speak, and she would like it if he cared more about her opinions.

She hopes she'll be able to solve this problem.

She could look for a new job again, but overall she thinks it'll be better if she stays with this one.

Now the same story told by Jessica.

I started a new job last year.

At first, I'd been enjoying the work very much, although I'd been having some problems with my boss.

During meetings, if I tried to say something, the boss wouldn't let me talk.

I wished he would give me more of a chance to speak, and I would have liked it if he cared more about my opinions.

I had hoped I would be able to solve this problem.

I could have looked for a new job again, but overall I thought it would be better if I stayed with this one.

I will now ask some questions about Jessica's story.

You can answer out loud or just listen.

One: Jessica recently started a new job.

What did Jessica recently do?

Jessica recently started a new job.

Two: She's been enjoying the work very much.

Has she been enjoying the work?

Yes, she's been enjoying the work very much.

Three: She's been having some problems with her boss.

Who has she been having problems with?

She's been having some problems with her boss.

Four: During meetings, if she tries to say something, the boss won't let her talk.

What happens during meetings?

During meetings, if she tries to say something, the boss won't let her talk.

Five: I wished he would give me more of a chance to speak.

What did I wish?

I wished he would give me more of a chance to speak.

Six: I would have liked it if he cared more about my opinions.

What would I have liked?

I would have liked it if he cared more about my opinions.

Seven: I hoped I would be able to solve this problem.

What did I hope?

I hoped I'd be able to solve this problem.

Eight: I could have looked for a new job again, but overall I thought it would be better if I stayed with this one.

Why didn't I look for a new job?

Because overall I thought it would be better if I stayed with this one.

 


