 49 - Trying To Go To Sleep 


I've been trying to go to sleep for two hours.

But I haven't been able to close my eyes.

I've been thinking about today.

It was my first day at the new job.

I keep wondering if I did a good job.

I'm wondering if I can get along with my co-workers.

The recruiter said I was very qualified for the job.

If that's true, I feel like the first day should have been easier.

I am thinking maybe I should write some of these feelings down.

If I do, perhaps I'll be able to get some sleep.

Now let's hear this same story from a different perspective.

I had been trying to get to sleep for two hours.

But I hadn't been able to close my eyes.

I had been thinking about today.

It was my first day at the new job.

I kept wondering if I did a good job.

I was wondering if I was going to be able to get along with my co-workers.

The recruiter had said that I was very qualified for the job.

If that were true, the first day on the job should have been easier.

I thought I should write some of these feelings down.

I felt that if I did, perhaps I would be able to get some sleep.

Now here are some questions which you can try to answer, or simply listen to the answers.

One: I've been trying to go to sleep for two hours.

How long have you been trying to go to sleep?

I've been trying to go to sleep for two hours.

Two: I haven't been able to close my eyes.

What haven't you been able to do?

I haven't been able to close my eyes.

Three: I've been thinking about today.

What have you been thinking about?

I've been thinking about today.

Four: I keep wondering if I did a good job.

What do you keep wondering about?

I keep wondering if I did a good job.

Five: I keep wondering if I can get along with my co-workers.

Whom are you worried about getting along with?

I'm wondering if I can get along with my co-workers.

Six: The recruiter said I was very qualified for the job.

Who said you were very qualified?

The recruiter said I was very qualified for the job.

Seven: I felt as if the first day should have been easier.

How did you think the first day should have felt?

I thought the first day should have been easier.

Eight: I thought I should write some of these feelings down.

What did you think you should do?

I thought I should write some of these feelings down.

 


