 
50 - University Schedule 


Marty has been organizing his university schedule.

He intends to graduate at the end of this year.

He has to choose the courses he needs to take, in order to meet the requirements for his degree.

One class he needs to take is Sociology which he doesn't like.

Marty is majoring in Humanities.

He thinks Sociology is a science subject,yet he has to take it to meet the degree requirements.

He's not sure why this is necessary.

He hopes Sociology class won't be too boring.

Now let's hear the same story from a different perspective.

The students have been organizing their university schedules.

They intend to graduate at the end of this year.

Therefore, they have to select the appropriate number of classes in order to meet the requirements for their degrees.

One subject they need to choose is Sociology.

Even though the students are majoring in Humanities.

Some students seem to think Sociology is a science class; nevertheless, they have to take it to meet their degree requirements.

They're not sure why this is necessary.

They hope Sociology class won't be too boring.

Now here are some questions, you can try to answer or simply wait to listen for the answer.

One: Marty has been organizing his university schedule.

What has Marty been organizing?

Marty has been organizing his university schedule.

Two: He intends to graduate at the end of this year.

When does he intend to graduate?

He intends to graduate at the end of this year.

Three: Therefore, he has to select the appropriate number of classes.

How many classes does he have to select?

He has to select the appropriate number of classes.

Four: One class he has to select is Sociology.

Can you name one class he has to select?

One class he has to select is Sociology.

Five: The students are majoring in Humanities.

What subject are the students majoring in?

The students are majoring in Humanities.

Six: The students need to take Sociology to meet their degree requirements.

Why must the students take Sociology?

The students have to take Sociology to meet the degree requirements.

Seven: They're not sure why this is necessary.

Do the students understand why this is necessary?

No, they're not sure why this is necessary.

Eight: They hope Sociology class won't be too boring.

Do they want Sociology class to be boring?

No, of course not. They hope Sociology class won't be too boring.

 


