 
51 - New MP3 Player 


Kevin has been looking for a new mp3 player.

He has looked in many stores in the area where he lives, yet he's been unable to find anything affordable.

So then Kevin decided to look online instead.

Even though he doesn't really trust online shopping, he hoped that online products would be more affordable.

After searching and scrolling for a few hours, Kevin found an mp3 player that he liked.

It was about half the price of the others, so he bought it.

He hopes it will last a long time.

Now let's hear the same story from a different perspective.

My kids have been looking for a new mp3 player.

They've looked in many stores in the area where we live, but nevertheless have been unable to find an affordable one.

They decided to look online instead.

Even though I don't really trust online shopping, I was hoping that the online stores would be more affordable.

After searching and scrolling for a few hours, they found an mp3 player that they liked.

It's about half the price of the others, so they bought it.

I hope it'll last them a long time.

Now here are some questions, you can try to answer or simply wait for the answer.

One: Kevin has been looking for a new mp3 player.

What has Kevin been looking for?

Kevin has been looking for a new mp3 player.

Two: He has looked in many stores in the area where he lives.

Where has he looked?

He has looked in many stores in the area where he lives.

Three: Nonetheless, he's been unable to find an affordable one.

Has he been able to find an affordable one?

No, he's been unable to find an affordable one.

Four: Kevin has decided to look online instead.

Where has Kevin decided to look instead?

Kevin has decided to look online instead.

Five: Even though they don't really trust online shopping, they hope online stores will be more affordable.

Do they trust online shopping?

No, they don't really trust online shopping.

Six: After searching and scrolling for a few hours, they found an mp3 player that they like.

How long did they search and scroll online?

A few hours.

They found an mp3 player that they liked after searching and scrolling for a few hours.

Seven: It's about half the price of the others, so they bought it.

Why did they buy it?

Because it's about half the price of the others.

Eight: They hope it won't break easily, and will last a long time.

What do they hope won't happen?

They hope it won't break easily, and last them a long time.

 


