 
52 - My Granddaughter Had a Baby! 


The next story is about a woman who has become a grandmother.

My granddaughter just had a baby!

She brought her baby son to our house so we could meet him for the first time.

I had forgotten how tiny babies could be.

He had tiny fingers and toes, and he didn't cry very much while he was visiting.

We took turns holding and carrying him and I even helped change his diaper once.

At that moment, I felt happy to be an older woman with adult children.

I don't miss changing my daughter's diaper at all.

Now the same story told differently.

My grandson's wife just had a baby!

They brought their baby son to our house today so we could meet him for the first time.

We had forgotten how tiny babies could be.

He had tiny fingers and toes, and he didn't cry very much while he was visiting.

We took turns holding and carrying him and we even helped change his diaper once.

At that moment, we felt happy to be older parents with adult children.

We don't miss changing my daughter's diaper at all.

I will read some questions about the story now.

Answer out loud if you would like.

One: Her granddaughter just had a baby!

Who just had a baby?

Her granddaughter just had a baby!

Two: She brought her baby son to their house today.

Where did she bring her baby son?

She brought her baby son to their house.

Three: She brought her baby son to their house today so they could meet him for the first time.

Why did she bring her baby son?

So they could meet him for the first time.

Four: She had forgotten how tiny babies could be.

What had she forgotten?

She had forgotten how tiny babies could be.

Five: He didn't cry very much while he was visiting. Did he cry much while visiting?

No, he didn't cry very much while he was visiting.

Six: They took turns holding and carrying him.

Did just one person carry him?

No, we took turns holding and carrying him.

Seven: They even helped change his diaper once.

What else did they help with?

They even helped change his diaper once.

Eight: They don't miss changing their daughter's diaper at all.

What don't they miss at all?

They don't miss changing their daughter's diaper at all.

 


