 
53 - Wrestling Competition 


This story is about Kendra, a woman preparing for a wrestling competition.

Kendra's been on a wrestling team for about fifteen years.

Today, her coach told her there is a competition coming up.

He wants her to compete in a lower weight class.

As a result, Kendra will have to change her diet.

She will also have to start going to to the gym more.

Kendra has always loved wrestling.

However, it's gotten more difficult as she's gotten older.

She doesn't have as much time as she used to.

And she doesn't lose weight as easily as she used to.

Nonetheless, Kendra will find a way to compete.

Now Kendra's friend is in the story.

Kendra and her friend have been on a wrestling team for about fifteen years.

Today, their coach told them there is a competition coming up.

He wants them to compete in a lower weight class.

As a result, Kendra and her friend will have to change their diet.

They will also have to start going to to the gym more.

The girls have always loved wrestling.

However, it's gotten more difficult as they've gotten older.

They don't have as much time as they used to.

And they don't lose weight as easily as they used to.

Nonetheless, Kendra and her friend will find a way to compete.

Now some questions about the story.

One: Kendra's been on a wrestling team for about fifteen years.

How long has Kendra been on a wrestling team?

Kendra's been on a wrestling team for about fifteen years.

Two: Today, her coach told her there is a competition coming up.

When is there a competition?

There is a competition coming up.

Three: He wants her to compete in a lower weight class.

How does he want her to compete?

He wants her to compete in a lower weight class.

Four: As a result, Kendra will have to change her diet.

What will Kendra have to do as a result?

She will have to change her diet.

Five: The girls have always loved wrestling.

Have the girls always loved wrestling?

Yes, the girls have always loved wrestling.

Six: It's gotten more difficult as they've gotten older.

Since when has it gotten more difficult?

It's gotten more difficult as they've gotten older.

Seven: They don't have as much time as they used to.

Did they use to have more time?

Yes, they don't have as much time as they used to.

Eight: Nonetheless, Kendra and her friend will find a way to compete.

Will Kendra and her friend find a way to compete?

Yes, nonetheless, Kendra and her friend will find a way to compete.

 


