 
54 - Mariah at the Park 


This story is about Mariah, who is stranded at the park.

Mariah is stranded at the park.

She'd gone to a summer music festival there, but it had ended later than she'd expected.

Now, the buses have stopped running, and there are hundreds of people trying to leave at once.

Mariah has requested an Uber driver on her phone.

She's never used Uber before, and hopes it's safe.

She's watching the car approaching on her phone screen.

It seems to be moving very slowly.

Next time, she'll leave before the buses stop running.

Now Mariah's friend Paul is in the story.

Mariah and Paul are stranded at the park.

They'd gone to a summer music festival there, but it had ended later than they'd expected.

Now, the buses have stopped running, and there are hundreds of people trying to leave at once.

Mariah and Paul have requested an Uber driver on their phone.

They've never used Uber before, and hope it's safe.

They're watching the car approaching on the phone screen.

It seems to be moving very slowly.

Next time, they'll leave before the buses stop running.

Next I will read some questions about the story.

You can answer them with me, or just listen along.

One: Mariah is stranded at the park.

Where is Mariah stranded?

Mariah is stranded at the park.

Two: She'd gone to a summer music festival there.

Why was she there?

Because she'd gone to a summer music festival there.

Three: Now the buses have stopped running.

Are the buses still running?

No, the buses have stopped running.

Four: There are hundreds of people trying to leave at once.

How many people are trying to leave at once?

There are hundreds of people trying to leave at once.

Five: Mariah and Paul have requested an Uber driver.

What has Mariah and Paul requested?

They have requested an Uber driver.

Six: They've never used Uber before, and hope it's safe.

Have they ever used Uber before?

No, they have never used Uber before.

Seven: They're watching the car approaching on the phone screen.

How are they watching the car approach?

They're watching the car approaching on the phone screen.

Eight: Next time, they'll leave before the buses stop running.

What will they do next time?

Next time, they'll leave before the buses stop running.

 


