 58 - Sam And Betty Enjoy Going Out 


Sam and Betty enjoy going out for dinner with friends.

They enjoy having a glass or two of wine with their meal when they eat out.

For that reason, it is important for them to think about how they are going to get home after dinner.

They usually drive their car to the restaurant, or to their friends' place, because it is too expensive to take a taxi.

They usually decide ahead of time who is going to drive home, since the person who drives home can't have had any wine.

Sometimes they know that it will be difficult to refuse to drink with the other guests, for example if friends are celebrating an event like a birthday.

In those cases, they have to make other arrangements.

One solution is to go together with other friends who live near by, one of whom will have to agree not to drink.

It is always useful to have friends who simply do not drink at all.

Such people are always in demand as designated drivers.

The best situation of all is when the dinner party is within walking distance.

Unfortunately, that is not often the case in large cities.

Now let's hear Sam tell the same story.

We used to enjoy going out for dinner with friends when we lived in the big city.

We enjoyed having a glass or two of wine with our meal when we ate out.

For that reason, we had to think about how we were going to get home after dinner.

We usually drove our car to the restaurant, or to our friends' place, because it was too expensive to take a taxi.

We always decided ahead of time who was going to drive home, since the person who drove home couldn't have any wine.

Sometimes we knew that it would be difficult to refuse to drink with the other guests, for example if friends were celebrating an event like a birthday.

In those cases, we had to make other arrangements.

One solution was to go together with other friends who lived near by, one of whom would have to agree not to drink.

I found it useful to have friends who didn't drink at all.

Such people were always in demand as designated drivers.

The best situation of all was when the dinner party was within walking distance.

Unfortunately, that was not often the case in large cities.

So we moved to a small town and spend more time with our neighbours.

Now here are some questions, you can try to answer or simply listen to the answer.

One: Sam and Betty enjoy having a glass or two of wine with their meal when they eat out.

How many glasses of wine do they enjoy with their meal when they eat out?

They enjoy having a glass or two of wine with their meal when they eat out.

Two: For that reason, it is important for them to think about how they are going to get home after dinner.

What is important for Sam and Betty to think about?

It's important for them to think about how they are going to get home after dinner.

Three: They usually drive their car to the restaurant, or to their friends' place, because it is too expensive to take a taxi.

Why don't they take a taxi?

Because it's too expensive to take a taxi.

Four: They usually decide ahead of time who is going to drive home.

What do they decide ahead of time?

They usually decide ahead of time who is going to drive home.

Five: Sometimes we knew that it would be difficult to refuse to drink with the other guests.

Did we think it would be easy or difficult to refuse to drink with the other guests?

We knew that it would be difficult to refuse to drink with the other guests.

Six: In those cases, we had to make other arrangements.

What did we have to do in those cases?

We had to make other arrangements in those cases.

Seven: I found it useful to have friends who didn't drink at all.

What kinds of friends did I find it useful to have?

I found it useful to have friends who didn't drink at all.

Eight: Such people were always in demand as designated drivers.

What were such people always in demand as?

Such people were always in demand as designated drivers.

 


