6 – Get the Tools
Hi, there, this is Steve Kaufmann Founder LingQ continuing in my series of Seven Secrets to Successful Language Learning.

Again, I'll review them, as I always do. The first one was to spend the time. The second one was to do things you like to do in language learning. The third thing was to develop the ability to notice what's happening in the language. The fourth secret was to focus on words rather than grammar. The fifth secret was to be patient. Now, the sixth secret is a matter of strategy or tactics, if you want. That is, make sure you get the tools you need to be successful.

If you're fixing something up around the house you need the proper tools.

Any job is easier if you have the proper tools. So, obviously, you need to have an mp3 player. I don't want to promote any one brand, but I have an iPod Touch and I have an iPod Shuffle, which is a smaller mp3 player that is more convenient when I go jogging and it's lighter. The iPod Touch has a number of advantages. On my iPod Touch I have bought online dictionaries for the iPod in 12 different languages. I try the free dictionaries and if they're no good, then I spend the money to get a good dictionary.

Also, I think you should buy books.

Obviously, we at LingQ feel that we have a wonderful platform for language learning, but I would be surprised if most of our members don't also buy books. You can also borrow them, that's fine. A book will last you a long time. It's not a big investment, whereas language learning is a major investment of your time. So I would suggest anyone beginning in a language should buy one of these beginner series.

If you're and English speaker, then there is the Teach Yourself Series or the Colloquial Series.

There's Assimil, which is available for French speakers and English speakers. There are a number of these starter books, get one. I will often buy one or two. While my main interest is listening and reading to the dialogue, I also flip through it for some of the explanations never expecting to remember them, but as sort of a gradual refresher that helps me notice.

Audio books, I'll buy a quality audio book rather than rely on LibriVox where the quality can be uncertain.

I admit that I have an iPad. I use the LingQ app on the iPad and I love it. I can click on my yellow words, I can listen to the audio portion of the lesson, but not everyone is going to spend the money on an iPad. All I'm saying is don't think you can do everything for free, you may end up spending more time trying to work around or using less than satisfactory tools. So whatever your budget is, make sure you have the proper tools.

Online dictionaries, for example, if there are free ones available get them.

If that's good enough, fine, but if you have to spring for $5 to get a good online dictionary or a dictionary for your iPod, do it.

EBooks, whatever, do make sure you get the proper tools.

It's going to make a big difference to your success.

Thank you for listening and we've got one more secret to go.